# Capstone Project Information
## Name:
- Design and construction sun drying wet clothes system (DCDCS)
## Vietnamese:
- Thiết kế và thi công hệ thống phơi đồ tự động
## Supervisor:
- (Mr.) Nguyễn Đức Lợi - loind@fpt.edu.vn
## Team Members
- Hoang Phi Long - Leader
- Nguyen Dinh Phong
- Trinh Binh

## Summary
This system is suitable for family members staying apartments due to limited space and hard to drying wet clothes because the weather can change from sunny to rainy. This system could solve problem make the clothes dry under the sun or indoor when it rains. This project use Microcontroller to install all program that will automatically retrieve-out the clothes when it is the sunny day and oppositely retrieve-in the clothes when it is a rainy day. This part needs DC motor to convert electrical power into mechanical power for pulling pulley. This system used Temperature sensors to measure temperature and LDR (Light Dependent Resistor) sensors will be used to detect light is day or night. Rain sensor also will be used to sense when it begins to rain outside by detecting rain water from moisture impedance sensor locate at the rod and it will automatically retrieve-in the clothes using DC motor. When adverse weather conditions, this system can be used as well as clothes dryer. Power supply is generated by solar energy.

## Technologies
### Android Application
- [React Native](RN_README.md) - Framework for building native apps
- React Native UI Kitten - UI Template
- React Navigation - Routing and navigation for React Native apps
- Redux and Redux Saga - State management with asynchonous support
- Java

### Server
- NodeJS
- MySQL

### Hardware
- Arduino SDK
- C++
- DHT11 Sensor - Temperature & huminity sensor
- BH1750FVI Sensor - Light sensor
- Rain Sensor - Rain detectien sensor
- DC Motor - Controlling pulley
- LCD5110 - Display information
- ESP8266 - Wifi module

## Installation
### Requirement
- NodeJS 10.0.3
- Yarn Package Manager 1.7.0
- Android SDK & AVD
- Git-scm

### Setup React Native
```
yarn global add create-react-native-app react-native-cli
```

### Build App
1. Cloning repository
```
git clone https://github.com/longhoang0304/DCDCS.git
```
2. Change directory to DCDCS folder
```
cd DCDCS
```
3. Install packages and dependencies
```
yarn install
```
4. Start AVD from command line
```
emulator -avd [your avd name]
```
5. Start React Native app
```
yarn run android
```
## Acknowledge
This Github repository only contains Android application part of the capstone project. Further source code will be available later.